# Milestone10to12 (Friendface)

This is an implementation of the milestone challenge which was to retrieve JSON data from a server, parse it into some useful data strutures, and display it in a navigable UI. As I developed the UI (initially using a local file containing the JSON data) I refactored the main view into reusable view components that reduced duplication and helped ensure consistency in the UI. I used a local function to transform the array of Friend structs into an array of User structs. This made it simple to navigate from the firends list in the user details view to a detail view for for the friend. The published User array is wrapped inside a FriendfaceData class that conforms to ObservableObject. The FriendfaceData object is created in the main view in a StateObject wrapper which allows it to be injected into the environment allowing it to be accessed in the user detail view (it's required to create the user list from the Friend array).

The follow up challenge was to use Core Data to drive the runtime and to persist the data locally for offline use. The JSON still needs to be downloaded but only once in order to create the Core Data entities and their relationships. The structure of the app was largely unchanged except that the views are now populated by the Core Data entities (via their computed properties that unwrap the optionals). The main view uses the FilteredList that we created during project 12.

The milestone challenge follows on from projects 10 to 12 in the [100 Days Of SwiftUI](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui/) tutorial created by Paul Hudson ([@twostraws](https://github.com/twostraws)).
